---
layout: archive
title: "Curriculum Vitae"
permalink: /cv/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /resume
---


{% include base_path %}

I received my Ph.D in mathematics from Université Paris-Sud XI, followed by two years of postdoc research in Germany. Thereafter, I worked as 
an permanent associate professor at a university in China. Due to the terrible environment there, I resigned from my position and relocated to Madrid.

Education
======
- B.S. in Mathematics, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China, 2006 - 2010
- M.S. in Mathematics, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China, 2010 - 2011
- M.S. in Mathematics,  Université Paris-Sud XI, Orsay, France, 2011 - 2012
- Ph.D in Mathematics,  Université Paris-Sud XI, Orsay, France, 2012 - 2015

Work experience
======
- 2015 - 2017: Junior scientist, Max-Planck-Institut für Gravitationsphysik (AEI),Potsdam-Golm, Germany
- 2017 - 2021: Associate professor, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, China

Grants
======
- The existence and regularity of solutions to Plateau's problem, (PI, 100%), the National Natural Science Foundation of China (No: 11801198), 2019 - 2021
- Plateau's problem and tangent structure analysis, (Co-Inv, 20%), the National Natural Science Foundation of China (No: 11871090), 2019 - 2022

Publications
======
- *On the equality between the infimum obtained by solving various Plateau's problem* (with Vincent Feuvrier and Chunyan Liu), Adv. Math. 426, 2023
- *On the Reifenberg Plateau Problem in Hilbert space*, preprint, [arXiv:2210.16858](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.16858), 2022
- *The weak convergence of varifolds generated by rectifiable flat $G$-chains* (with Chunyan Liu and Ning Zhang), Bull. London Math. Soc. 54 (6), 2022
- *Quasiminimal sets and Plateau's problem with Čech homological conditions on $C^2$ submanifold*, preprint, [arXiv:2005.02003](https://arxiv.org/abs/2005.02003), 2020
- *Local $C^{1,\beta}$-regularity at boundary of two dimensional sliding almost minimal sets*, Trans. Amer. Math. Soc. Ser. B, 8 (2021).
- *On the convergence of almost minimal sets for the Hausdorff and varifold topologies*, Journal de Mathématiques Pures et Appliquées 133, 2020.
- *Existence of solutions to a general geometric  elliptic variational problem* (with Sławomir Kolasiński),  Calc. Var. Partial Differential Equations, 57(3), 2018.
- *Hölderregularity at boundary of two dimensional sliding almost minimal sets*, Adv. Calc. Var. 11(1), 2018.
- *Existence of Minimizers for the Reifenberg Plateau Problem*, Ann. Scuola Norm. Sup. Pisa Cl. Sci.,Vol. XVI, issue 3 (2016).

Patents
===
- *High-speed stereo 3D multimodal imaging system and method* (with F. Wang), Granted Invention Patent in China (CN 201911040698.9) and U.S.	international Patent in process of application.

Talks
======
- *Existence of Minimizers for the Reifenberg Plateau Problem*, (Feb 2014), the seminar of Topics in Geometric Analysis, AEI, Potsdam-Golm, Germany
- *On the Reifenberg Plateau Problem*, (Mar 2014), the seminar of Real Analysis, Université Toulouse III, Toulouse, France
- *A Generalization of Reifenberg's Plateau problem*, (Nov 2014), Journée de  l'ANR Geometrya, Université Nice Sophia Antipolis, Nice, France
- *On the Plateau's problem*, (Apr 2016), Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, China
- *On the Plateau's problem*, (Apr 2016),Tsinghua University, Beijing, China
- *Regularity of 2-dimensional sliding almost minimal sets*, (Nov 2016),the seminar of Topics in Geometric Analysis, AEI, Potsdam-Golm,  Germany
- *Regularity of almost minimal sets*, (Jan 2018), Beihang University, Beijing, China
- *An introduction to various Plateau's problem*, (Apr 2018), Tsinghua University, Beijing, China
- *Regularity of almost minimal sets*, (Sep 2018), Central China Normal University, Wuhan, China
- *Existence of solutions to Plateau's problem*, (Oct 2018), International Conference on Fractals and Dynamical System, Nanjing University, Nanjing, China
- *Existence of solutions to Plateau's problem*, (Nov 2018), Beihang University, Beijing, China
- *Topologies on the space of almost minimal sets*, (Sep 2019), 22nd National Conference on Fractals and Related Fields, Beihang University, Beijing, China
- *On Plateau's problem with homological conditions*, (Nov 2020), Weekend in Geometric Measure Theory and its Application, East China Normal University, Shanghai, China
- *On Plateau's problem with homological conditions*, (Jun 2021), Workshop on Minimal Surfaces and Related Topics, Tongji University, Shanghai, China
- *On Plateau's problem and related questions*, (Sep 2022, online), Wuhan University, Wuhan, China

Teaching
======
- 2022 summer, Served as a Math Olympiad coach\\
- 2020 fall, Lecturer for Measure Theory, 4 hours per week\\
- 2017, 2019 fall, Lecturer for Calculus I, 6 hours per week \\
- 2018, 2019 spring, Lecturer for Calculus I, 6 hours per week 
  
